
My Apps
Required actions
Docs
Tools
Support
Search input
​
Search...
Facebook
Request for App Review
Verification
App settings
Allowed usage
Data handling
Reviewer instructions
Auto-saved
Allowed usage
Complete all allowed usage steps before submitting for review. If you need to remove any permissions from your submission, edit your submission.
How will this app use Threads oEmbed Read?
Review the policies for Threads oEmbed Read and tell us how you intend to use it
Describe how your app uses this permission or feature
Ensure you have performed required API test calls
Agree that you will comply with allowed usage
Please provide a url where we can test oembed
How will this app use Meta oEmbed Read?
Review the policies for Meta oEmbed Read and tell us how you intend to use it
Describe how your app uses this permission or feature
Agree that you will comply with allowed usage
Please provide a url where we can test oembed
Close
Tell us why you're requesting Threads oEmbed Read
The Threads oEmbed Read feature allows an app to embed content of Threads posts, such as photos and videos, in other websites. The allowed usage for this feature is to provide front-end views of Threads posts. You may also use this permission to request analytics insights to improve your app and for marketing or advertising purposes, through the use of aggregated and de-identified or anonymized information (provided such data cannot be re-identified).
Please provide a detailed description of how your app uses the permission or feature requested, how it adds value for a person using your app, and why it's necessary for app functionality. [?]
Please provide a URL where we can test Oembed Read. Include the URL of a page, post or video from our official Facebook or Instagram pages, or the pages themselves.
https://www.facebook.com/<your_page>
Make sure you've completed the required API test calls for added permissions. Completed test calls can take up to 24 hours to show for your app. To complete the requirements, go to Testing.
Threads oEmbed Read
0 of 1 API call(s) required
If you haven't completed the required testing, save any information you've added above and go to the Testing page to complete the requirements. Then come back here to complete the App Review submission. Keep in mind, testing data can take 24 hours to show.

If approved, I agree that any data I receive through Threads oEmbed Read will be used in accordance with the allowed usage.
CancelSave